doc: refine README (#42)
notaryproject/notation-action: README.md

## Usage

Signing an image relies on a Notation plugin, such as [AWS Signer plugin for Notation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/signer/latest/developerguide/Welcome.html), [Azure Key Vault for Notation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container-registry/container-registry-tutorial-sign-build-push), [HashiCorp Vault plugin](https://github.com/notaryproject/notation-hashicorp-vault/pulls). Currently, [Azure Key Vault for Notation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container-registry/container-registry-tutorial-sign-build-push) has been well tested in the Notation Github Actions by the sub-project maintainers. You can submit test cases and examples for other plugins.

> ### Notation: Setup

Reviewer: We have renamed the actions (`:` are removed).
```suggestion
### Notation Setup
```

    url: <url_of_customized_Notation_CLI>
    checksum: <SHA256_of_the_customized_Notation_CLI>
```

<details>

<summary>See an example (Click here).</summary>

```yaml
- name: setup Notation CLI
  uses: notaryproject/notation-action/setup@main
  with:
    version: "1.0.0"
```

</details>

> ### Notation: Sign

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Notation Sign
```

      self_signed=false
```

</details>

> ### Notation: Verify

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Notation Verify
```

    trust_store: <dir_to_user_trust_store>
    allow_referrers_api: <boolean_flag_for_referrers_api>
```

<details>

<summary>See an example (Click here).</summary>

> `.github/trustpolicy/trustpolicy.json` MUST follow the Notation [trust policy specs](https://github.com/notaryproject/specifications/blob/v1.0.0-rc.2/specs/trust-store-trust-policy.md#trust-policy).

Reviewer: We should update the link to point to `v1.0.0` instead of a rc version.
```suggestion
`.github/trustpolicy/trustpolicy.json` MUST follow the Notation [trust policy specs](https://github.com/notaryproject/specifications/blob/v1.0.0/specs/trust-store-trust-policy.md#trust-policy).
```

> `.github/trustpolicy/trustpolicy.json` MUST follow the Notation [trust policy specs](https://github.com/notaryproject/specifications/blob/v1.0.0-rc.2/specs/trust-store-trust-policy.md#trust-policy).

Reviewer: I see this line is moved to the top. I think we should keep the `example` at the top.

    trust_policy: .github/trustpolicy/trustpolicy.json
    trust_store: .github/truststore
```

> `.github/trustpolicy/trustpolicy.json` MUST follow the Notation [trust policy specs](https://github.com/notaryproject/specifications/blob/v1.0.0-rc.2/specs/trust-store-trust-policy.md#trust-policy).

Reviewer: We could keep this line and update the link.

> `.github/truststore` MUST follow the Notation [trust store specs](https://github.com/notaryproject/specifications/blob/v1.0.0-rc.2/specs/trust-store-trust-policy.md#trust-store). For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.github/truststore` MUST follow the Notation [trust store specs](https://github.com/notaryproject/specifications/blob/v1.0.0/specs/trust-store-trust-policy.md#trust-store). For example,
```

            ├── <my_certificate3>
            └── <my_certificate4>
```

> [!NOTE]
> `.github/truststore` MUST follow the Notation [trust store specs](https://github.com/notaryproject/specifications/blob/v1.0.0/specs/trust-store-trust-policy.md#trust-store).

> 

Reviewer: This `note` should be above the `.github/truststore` example.

```yaml
- name: verify released artifact
  uses: notaryproject/notation-action/verify@v1
  env:
    NOTATION_EXPERIMENTAL: 1  # this is required by Notation to use Referrers API
  with:
    allow_referrers_api: 'true'
    target_artifact_reference: myRegistry.azurecr.io/myRepo@sha256:aaabbb
    trust_policy: .github/trustpolicy/trustpolicy.json
    trust_store: .github/truststore
```

</details>

## Authentication

To sign and verify an image stored in the private registry with Notation GitHub Actions, you need to authenticate with the registry and KMS (Key Management Service). See the following authentication options for references. 

### Registry authentication

- Use [Docker login GitHub Action](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/docker-login).
- Use vendor-based login GitHub Action, such as [Amazon ECR "Login" Action for GitHub Actions](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/amazon-ecr-login-action-for-github-actions), [GitHub Action for Azure Login](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/azure-login) or [Azure Container Registry Login GitHub Actions](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/azure-container-registry-login).

### KMS authentication

> If you use a signing key and certificate stored in a KMS, make sure to authenticate with the KMS before signing this image in your GitHub Actions workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your signing key and certificate are stored in a KMS, make sure to authenticate with the KMS before signing the image in your GitHub Actions workflow.
```
